Add a section to advertise use of flatbuffer format for mobile models. (#2286)
pytorch/tutorials: recipes_source/mobile_perf.rst

Member fields ``mModule``, ``mInputTensorBuffer`` and ``mInputTensor`` are initialized only once
and buffer is refilled using ``org.pytorch.torchvision.TensorImageUtils.imageYUV420CenterCropToFloatBuffer``.

6. Load time optimization
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
**Available since Pytorch 1.13**

PyTorch Mobile also supports a FlatBuffer-based file format that is faster
to load. Both flatbuffer and pickle-based model file can be load with the
same ``_load_for_lite_interpreter`` (Python) or ``_load_for_mobile``(C++) API.

To use the FlatBuffer format, instead of creating the model file with
``model._save_for_lite_interpreter('path/to/file.ptl')``, you can run the following command:

> ::

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>   model._save_for_lite_interpreter('path/to/file.ptl')

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

The extra argument ``_use_flatbuffer`` makes a FlatBuffer file instead of a
zip file. The created file will be faster to load.

For example, using ResNet-50 and running the following script:

::

  import torch
  from torch.jit import mobile
  import time
  model = torch.hub.load('pytorch/vision:v0.10.0', 'deeplabv3_resnet50', pretrained=True)
  model.eval()
  jit_model = torch.jit.script(model)

  jit_model._save_for_lite_interpreter('/tmp/jit_model.ptl')
  jit_model._save_for_lite_interpreter('/tmp/jit_model.ff', _use_flatbuffer=True)

  import timeit
  print('Load ptl file:')
  print(timeit.timeit('from torch.jit import mobile; mobile._load_for_lite_interpreter("/tmp/jit_model.ptl")',
                         number=20))
  print('Load flatbuffer file:')
  print(timeit.timeit('from torch.jit import mobile; mobile._load_for_lite_interpreter("/tmp/jit_model.ff")',
                         number=20))

you would get the following result: 

::

  Load ptl file:
  0.5387594579999999
  Load flatbuffer file:
  0.038842832999999466

While speed ups on actual mobile devices will be smaller, you can still expect
3x - 6x load time reductions.

> ### Reasons to not use flatbuffer based mobile model:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Reasons to avoid using a FlatBuffer-based mobile model
```

> However flatbuffer format also has some limitations that one should consider

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, FlatBuffer format also has some limitations that you might want to consider:
```

> before using it. Namely:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> * It is only available since Pytorch 1.13. Therefore, client devices compiled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* It is only available in PyTorch 1.13 or later. Therefore, client devices compiled
```

>   with earlier Pytorch versions might not be able to load it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  with earlier PyTorch versions might not be able to load it.
```

> * Flatbuffer library imposes a 4GB maximum for file sizes. So it is not suitable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The Flatbuffer library imposes a 4GB limit for file sizes. So it is not suitable
```
